solar proton emission, these particles were
present in detectable intensity near the top
of the earth's atmosphere for about 15 percent
of the time from 1957 to 1960 .  the number
of large flares that accelerated and released
these particles during this three-year period was about 30 .
  the event that began on august 22, 1958
contributed greatly toward the understanding
of the solar and terrestrial sequence of events,
and in addition provided the first
identification of the emitted particles .  a flare on may
of protons in the neighborhood of the earth that
this phenomenon was recognized as an
additional radiation hazard to manned vehicles
in the high atmosphere and in most parts
of the solar system .  the three very intense
events that occurred in july, 1959 further
supported this conclusion, and the possibility
of predicting such events became an
important consideration .  in addition to its value
in the protection of human beings, effective
forecasting clearly would be of great value in
the detailed scientific study of this
phenomenon .
  this paper presents a preliminary
discussion of some aspects of predicting the
arrival of protons at the earth following the
appearance of solar activity features and,
equally important, of forecasting the periods
when this penetrating radiation is unlikely
to occur .
.I 84
.T
experimental investigation of the downstream influence
of stagnation point mass transfer .
.A
libby,pa. and cresci,r.j.
.B
j. ae. scs. 28, 1961, 51.
.W
experimental investigation of the downstream influence
of stagnation point mass transfer .
  this report presents the results of an experimental
investigation of the downstream influence of localized mass transfer in the
stagnation region of a blunt body under hypersonic flow
conditions .  the coolant is injected through a porous plug coaxial
with the centerline of symmetry of the model .  the tests were
carried out in a wind tunnel with a mach number of 6.0,
stagnation temperatures of approximately 1,600 r., and a stagnation
pressure of approximately 600 psia .  four different gases were
injected over a range of mass flows .  the heat transfer on the
impermeable section was measured under isothermal wall
conditions,. for the higher rates of mass flow, adiabatic surface
temperatures were also determined .  the theoretical analysis of the
conditions .  the coolant is injected through a porous plug coaxial
with the centerline of symmetry of the model .  the tests were
carried out in a wind tunnel with a mach number of 6.0,
stagnation temperatures of approximately 1,600 r., and a stagnation
pressure of approximately 600 psia .  four different gases were
injected over a range of mass flows .  the heat transfer on the
impermeable section was measured under isothermal wall
conditions,. for the higher rates of mass flow, adiabatic surface
temperatures were also determined .  the theoretical analysis of the
boundary-layer flow is investigated in order to establish the
similarity parameters for the flow system .  these parameters permit
the extrapolation of the test results to other flow conditions,
provided that laminar flow prevails .  helium is found to be the
most efficacious coolant .
.I 85
.T
on trails of axisymmetric hypersonic blunt bodies flying
through the atmosphere .
.A
feldman,s.
.B
j. ae. scs. 28, 1961, 433.
.W
on trails of axisymmetric hypersonic blunt bodies flying
through the atmosphere .
  the trail left in the atmosphere by a body moving at hypersonic
speeds is the subject of theoretical treatment .  the times
required for ionization and dissociation (and their inverse processes)
to go to completion, when compared to the flow times of a gas
particle, are important in determining the observable effects of
hypersonic trails-i.e., emitted thermal radiation and reflection
of electromagnetic waves from the trail .
  