
.W
on axially symmetric, turbulent, compressible mixing in the presence
of initial boundary layer .
recent experimental results have shown that the
mixing of heterogeneous gases having an initial velocity
ratio close to unity occurs faster than is predicted by classical
eddy-viscosity theory .  the theoretical analysis of two uniform
streams of different gases but of nearly equal velocity,
performed with the usual assumptions for eddy viscosity and
prandtl number equal to a constant, shows that mixing will
take place very slowly, i.e., at the rate corresponding to
laminar diffusion .  it has been suggested that the difference
between analysis and experiment could be attributed to the
presence of a boundary layer in the experiments .  it is the
purpose of this note to show that the use of the classical
eddy-viscosity law, admitting the existence of a boundary layer,
is not sufficient to explain the rapid mixing that is observed
physically .  instead, it is shown that rapid mixing can be
explained on the basis of a different eddy-viscosity law, as
was suggested in ref. 1 .  these conclusions are obtained
through application of the analysis presented briefly below .
.I 1373
.T
nose drag in free-molecule flow and its minimization .
.A
tan,h.s.
.B
j.ae.scs. 1959, 360.
.W
nose drag in free-molecule flow and its minimization .
  the superaerodynamic nose drag of a body in a free-molecule
flow involves two parameters ..  the speed ratio s between
ordered and random molecular motions (modified mach
number), and the temperature ratio between the solid surface
and undisturbed gas .  simplifications of the drag formula are
obtained at hypersonic as well as low-subsonic extremes .  to
minimize the drag on a nose of specified length and base radius,
the ordinary method of calculus of variation was found
inadequate .  a generalized approach has, accordingly, been developed,
and the specification of end conditions is discussed at length .
  results of the present investigation indicate that in all cases
an optimum nose requires a flat tip .  the optimum nose curve
for the hypersonic extreme does not depend on the temperature
ratio, but that for the low-subsonic extreme varies in the
following manner ..  for a hot body the curve is convex,. for a cold body,
concave .  an optimum solution exists in a restricted range of
specification only .  with prescribed tip and base radii the
admissible nose length is bounded below for the cases of hypersonic
and low-subsonic hot body and bounded above for the case of
low-subsonic cold body .  a vanishing tip radius leads to an
infinitely long nose in the former and a vanishing nose in the latter
case .
  optimum nose curves for several temperature ratios at the
low-subsonic extreme, as well as the one for hypersonic extreme, are
presented .  it is observed that at the low-subsonic extreme, with,
the hot-body solution asymptotically approaches
the hypersonic solution--i.e., a slender conventional warhead
with a flat tip,. whereas with, the cold-body solution
asymptotically approaches the minimal-surface solution--i.e.,
tip radius, a flat disc .
.I 1374
.T
theoretical analysis of turbulent mixing of reactive
gases with application to supersonic combustion of
hydrogen .
.A
libby,p.a.
.B
ars jnl. 32, 1962, 388.
.W
theoretical analysis of turbulent mixing of reactive
gases with application to supersonic combustion of
hydrogen .
  the turbulent mixing of an axisymmetric jet of a
reactive gas is considered .  by assuming a
convenient model for the compressible eddy viscosity,
the momentum equation is reduced to a form
amenable to approximate solution .  the resulting
velocity distribution in both incompressible and
compressible flows is in reasonable agreement with
experiment .  the usual assumptions with
respect to chemical behavior, namely either frozen or
equilibrium flow, and to unity lewis numbers
and prandtl number are employed .  the theoretical
results for chemical equilibrium are shown
to be in reasonable agreement with experimental data
from low speed hydrogen flames .  a
numerical example of interest in connection with a hypersonic,
air breathing vehicle is carried out in detail .
.I 1375
.T
an approximate solution for the axisymmetric jet of a laminar
compressible fluid .
.A
gdalia kleinstein
.B
polytechnic institute of brooklyn
.W
an approximate solution for the axisymmetric jet of a laminar
compressible fluid .
an extension of the modified-oseen method of carrier, based on the
linearization of the viscous term of the von mises transformation,
is presented .  the method is employed to determine the velocity field
associated with the laminar axisymmetric jet flow of a compressible
gas with an arbitrary but constant external flow .  the approximate
solution is shown to be in good agreement with the exact numerical
calculation of pai .
in many boundary layer problems it is not possible to make the
assumption of flow similarity .  the solution in these cases can be
obtained either by laborious finite difference techniques or by
resort to approximate solutions .  carrier and lewis (1), and more
recently carrier (2), have suggested a method of obtaining approximate
solutions to problems involving convection and diffusion .  this
method, termed by carrier /the modified-oseen method/, overcomes an
essential difficulty of integral methods, namely, the generation of
reasonable profiles .  it is well known that the integral method gives
accurate results only if the analytical profiles represent closely
the true profiles .  according to the modified-oseen method the
convective operator in the original partial differential equation
is replaced by a linear one .  the resulting equation for the
boundary layer problem is the heat conduction equation which can be
treated by well-known techniques .
it is the purpose of this paper to indicate a modification of this
procedure and to demonstrate its simplicity and accuracy by treating the
axisymmetric laminar flow of a compressible gas with arbitrary but
constant external flow .  the modification is based on the use of the
von mises transformation with a subsequent linearization of the viscous
term, rather than the linearization of the convective term . pai's
problem (3), originally treated by a finite difference technique,
is considered to illustrate the effectiveness of this method .
.I 1376
.T
some applications in physics of the p-function .
.A
masters,j.i.
.B
j.chem.phys. 23, 1955, 1865.
.W
some applications in physics of the p-function .
  the mathematical background and typical applications
in physics are presented for a recently tabulated
function .  because of its properties, the p function should
prove to be a useful aid in the solution of certain
problems in applied mathematics involving surface
integrations in cylindrical coordinates .  a tabulation of
the function in its normalized form is appended .
particular attention is paid to the application of the p
function to multiple scattering problems involving
circular symmetry .
.I 1377
.T
theoretical investigation of the flow field about blunt
nosed bodies in supersonic flight .
.A
vaglio-laurin,r. and ferri,a.
.B
j. ae. scs. 25, 1958, 761.
.W
theoretical investigation of the flow field about blunt
nosed bodies in supersonic flight .
  a numerical method ofr obtaining the solution to the inverse
problem of the flow behind a given detached shock to any desired
accuracy is presented .  the cases of zero and small incidence
are considered .  the combination of sets of such solutions
satisfying prescribed boundary conditions (body shapes) is described .
particular attention is devoted to the analysis of the sonic and
subsonic region of the flow field .  convergence and stability of
the stepwise integration from the shock in the elliptic region are
discussed .  numerical examples are also included .
.I 1378
.T
blunt-cone pressure distributions at hypersonic mach numbers .
.A
andrew f. burke and james t. curtis
.B
head, research section, and research aerodynamicist, respectively,
applied hypersonic research dept., cornell aeronautical laboratory,
inc., buffalo, n.y.
.W
blunt-cone pressure distributions at hypersonic mach numbers .
the static pressure distributions on the surface of a
blunted 7.5 degree-half-angle cone have recently been experimentally
determined in the cal 48 inch hypersonic shock tunnel .  this
facility and the associated instrumentation are described in detail
in ref. 1 .  these tests covered a mach number range of 8 to 18
at a reynolds number per foot of approximately 1 times 10 to the 5th
power., the models included one flat-faced cone and two hemispherically
blunted cones .
.I 1379
.T
hypersonic flight and the re-entry problem .
.A
allen, h.j.
.B
j. aerospace sce. 25, 217-227, 1958 .
.W
hypersonic flight and the re-entry problem .
paper reviews the possibilities and some of the main problems of three
types of long-range vehicle, the ballistic, the glide, and the skip
rocket . performance assessments are made on the basis of an ingenious,
if debatable, conversion of the vehicle characteristics to the breguet
formula . the problems of aerodynamic heating, aerodynamic loads and
stability are briefly discussed, and other aspects of hypersonic flight
free molecule flow-dash are touched upon . the results on the whole
favor the glide vehicle for manned flight . the subsequent discussion
on the paper includes references to multistaging and the use of
high-energy fuels .
.I 1380
.T
the problem of obtaining high lift-drag ratios at supersonic speeds .
.A
clinton e. brown and francis e. mclean
.B
langley research center, nasa
.W
the problem of obtaining high lift-drag ratios at supersonic speeds .
the importance of the lift to drag ratio is well
known to all aircraft designers since it gives, to a
great extent, the aerodynamic efficiency of the airplane .
aerodynamic efficiency, however, is only one
component of the grand compromise that a completed
airplane represents .  at subsonic speeds, lift-drag
ratios of well over 200 have been measured in wind
tunnels on airfoil sections., but few powered aircraft
have attained (lift to drag ratio) value of 20 .  it is invariably true
that the requirements of stability and control, structure,
and flight operation all contribute to reducing the
design (lift to drag ratio) considerably below those exotic values
which can be predicted from unrestricted aerodynamic
theory .  if, however, a certain range or operating
efficiency is required, there is most certainly a minimum
if we examine the range equation we see that range is
proportional to the lift-drag ratio, the thermopropulsive
efficiency, and the logarithm of the initial to final
weight ratio .  the appearance of the lift-drag ratio as a
linear factor in the range equation indicates that every
attempt should be made to increase (lift to drag ratio)., however,
the search for higher (lift to drag ratio) may lead to strange
and unorthodox configurations .  most frequently, such
configurations are ruled out by the adverse effects of
their geometry on the weight ratios .  in the present
paper, we will deal with the maximum lift-drag ratio
problem for conventional configurations having a wing
and a body in close proximity to each other .  no attempt
will be made to select a particular configuration
as being the best .  however, the promising direction
to go from the aerodynamic view will be stressed with
the understanding that the other factors may outweight
the aerodynamics .
.I 1381
.T
effect of mach number on boundary layer transition
in the presence of pressure rise and surface roughness
on an ogive-cylinder body with cold wall conditions .
.A
carros,r.j.
.B
naca rm a56b15, 1956.
.W
effect of mach number on boundary layer transition
in the presence of pressure rise and surface roughness
on an ogive-cylinder body with cold wall conditions .
  the effect of mach number variation
from 1.8 to 7.4 on boundary-layer
transition was investigated on a slender
fin-stabilized ogive-cylinder
body in free flight at a constant length
reynolds number of 13.8 million .
the wall to free-stream temperature ratio
was constant at a value of 1.0
below mach number 4.5 and at a value of
of the test showed that increasing mach
number had a very favorable effect
of increasing the extent of the laminar
boundary layer for a given surface
roughness .  the transition data, when
plotted as a function of a factor
indicative of heat transfer, showed that
heat transfer was possibly
responsible for a good deal of the increase in
transition reynolds number with
mach number .
  transition was found to occur
farther forward on the sheltered side
of the body than on the windward side
for angles of attack as low as 0.4
and for all mach numbers .  the pressure
rise along sheltered-side
stream-lines was examined and it was found
that the pressure-rise coefficient
at the transition point, showed no
variation with mach number .  data from
other sources for different test
conditions, when reduced to values of
pressure-rise coefficient, were also
found to correlate well with that of
the present investigation with the
exception of data at low subsonic mach
numbers .  these present results also
show that mach number, surface
roughness, pressure rise, and length reynolds
number all affected boundary-layer
transition in the region of theoretical
infinite laminar stability to
small two-dimensional disturbances as
calculated for a flat plate with
zero pressure gradient .
.I 1382
.T
the solution of the equations of the laminar boundary
layer for schubauer's observed pressure distribution
for an elliptic cylinder .
.A
hartree,d.r.
.B
arc r + m.2427, 1949.
.W
the solution of the equations of the laminar boundary
layer for schubauer's observed pressure distribution
for an elliptic cylinder .
  the solution of the equations of the laminar
boundary layer has been carried out for the pressure
distribution for an elliptic cylinder of axial ratio 2.96 ..  1 with
its major axis in the direction of the incident stream .
the solution has been obtained by the method of hartree and
womersley .  in applying this method the derivatives
parallel to the boundary are replaced by finite differences, so
that the partial differential equation of the boundary
layer is replaced by an ordinary equation relating the velocity
distribution through the boundary layer at one section
to that at another, at an interval upstream .  by two independent
integrations covering the same range by finite intervals
of different sizes, it is possible to estimate the errors
involved in replacing the derivatives by finite differences,
and so to correct for these errors .
  the process of solution requires the values of the pressure
gradient along the solid boundary, and there is a certain
tolerance in the derivation of the pressure gradient distribution
from a limited number of observed values of pressure .
an analysis of schubauer's pressure distribution is outlined, and
the results were used for the main solution calculated .
it is found that the solution, for the distribution of pressure gradient
so derived, does not give separation of the boundary
layer from the solid boundary, whereas the actual flow does separate .
  it is found that the calculated solution is very sensitive to
the pressure distribution, and a comparatively small
modification of the pressure distribution gives a solution which
does indicate separation close to the point at which
separation is observed to occur .  the solution with this pressure
distribution also gives very good agreement with the
observed velocity distribution through the boundary layer at
points upstream from separation .
.I 1383
.T
on the theory of laminar boundary layer involving separation .
.A
vonkarman,t. and millikan,c.b.
.B
naca r.504, 1934.
.W
on the theory of laminar boundary layer involving separation .
  the paper presents a mathematical discussion of the
laminar boundary layer, which was developed with a view
of facilitating the investigation of those boundary layers
in particular for which the phenomenon of separation
occurs .  the treatment starts with a slight modification of
the form of the boundary layer equation first published by
von mises .  two approximate solutions of this equation
are found, one of which is exact at the outer edge of the
boundary layer while the other is exact at the wall .  the
final solution is obtained by joining these two solutions
at the inflection points of the velocity profiles .  the final
solution is given in terms of a series of universal functions
for a fairly broad class of potential velocity distributions
outside of the boundary layer .  detailed calculations of
the boundary layer characteristics are worked out for the
case in which the potential velocity is a linear function of
the distance from the upstream stagnation point .  finally
the complete separation point characteristics are
determined for the boundary layer associated with a potential
velocity distribution made up of two linear functions of
the distance from the stagnation point .  it appears that
extensions of the detailed calculations to more complex
potential flows can be fairly easily carried out by using
the explicit formulae given in the paper .
.I 1384
.T
a theoretical calculation of the laminar boundary layer
around an elliptic cylinder and its comparison with
experiment .
.A
millikan,c.b.
.B
j. ae. scs. 3, 1936, 91.
.W
a theoretical calculation of the laminar boundary layer
around an elliptic cylinder and its comparison with
experiment .
the author, in conjunction with th. von karman,
has recently given a new method of approximate
integration of the prandtl boundary layer equations,
which was developed in order to treat cases in which
separation of a laminar boundary layer might be
expected .  the method was developed because some doubt
was felt as to the accuracy with which the well-known
pohlhausen analysis would describe conditions in the
neighborhood of such a separation point .  numerical
calculations were carried out for certain cases involving
theoretical simplifications, and very considerable
discrepancies were found between the results of the new
and pohlhausen methods .  the method was also used
in developing a theory for the maximum lift coefficient
of certain classes of airfoils .  this theory gave
satisfactory agreement with experiment but no direct
experimental check on the boundary layer analysis itself has
been given up to the present .
.I 1385
.T
air flow in a separating laminar boundary layer .
.A
schubauer,g.b.
.B
naca r.527, 1935.
.W
air flow in a separating laminar boundary layer .
  the speed distribution in a laminar boundary layer on
the surface of an elliptic cylinder, of major and minor
axes 11.78 and 3.98 inches, respectively, has been
determined by means of a hot-wire anemometer .  the direction
of the impinging air stream was parallel to the major axis .
special attention was given to the speed distribution in
the region of separation and to the exact location of the
point of separation .  an approximate method, developed
by k. pohlhausen for computing the speed distribution,
the thickness of the layer, and the point of separation, is
described in detail,. and speed-distribution curves
calculated by this method are presented for comparison with
experiment .  good agreement is obtained along the
forward part of the cylinder, but pohlhausen's method fails
shortly before the separation point is reached and
consequently cannot be used to locate this point .
  the work was carried out at the national bureau of
standards with the cooperation and financial assistance
of the national advisory committee for aeronautics .
.I 1386
.T
analysis and calculation by integral methods of laminar
compressible boundary layer with heat transfer and
with and without pressure gradient .
.A
morduchow,m.
.B
naca r.1245, 1955.
.W
analysis and calculation by integral methods of laminar
compressible boundary layer with heat transfer and
with and without pressure gradient .
  a survey of integral methods in laminar-boundary-layer
analysis is first given .  a simple and sufficiently accurate
method for practical purposes of calculating the properties
layer in an axial pressure gradient with heat transfer at the
wall is then presented .  for flow over a flat plate, the method
is applicable for an arbitrarily prescribed distribution of
temperature along the surface and for any given constant
prandtl number close to unity .  for flow in a pressure gradient,
the method is based on a prandtl number of unity and a uniform
wall temperature .  a simple and accurate method of
determining the separation point in a compressible flow with an adverse
pressure gradient over a surface at a given uniform wall
temperature is developed .  the analysis is based on an extension of
the karman-pohlhausen method to the momentum and thermal
energy equations in conjunction with fourth- and especially
higher degree velocity and stagnation-enthalpy profiles .  from
the equations derived here, conclusions regarding the effect of
pressure gradient, mach number, and wall temperature on the
boundary-layer characteristics are derived and illustrated .  in
particular the effects on skin-friction, heat-transfer coefficient,
separation point in an adverse pressure gradient, and stability
of the laminar boundary layer are analyzed .
.I 1387
.T
the buckling of a square panel under shear, when one
pair of opposite edges is clamped and the other pair
is simply supported .
.A
leggett,d.m.a.
.B
arc r + m.1991, 1941.
.W
the buckling of a square panel under shear, when one
pair of opposite edges is clamped and the other pair
is simply supported .
  reasons for investigation.--for an efficient design
of spar with thin sheet web it is important to know
the load which will just cause the web to buckle .  as stiffeners
divide the web into panels, it is required to find the
buckling stress of rectangular panels bounded on two sides by
spar flanges and on the other two sides by stiffeners .
boundary conditions which represent closely this type of edge
fixing are clamping (along the flanges) and simple support
critical shear stress for a square panel held in this way .
  conclusions and further development.--it is found that the
value of the critical shear stress is almost midway between
its values when all four edges are clamped and all four edges
are simply supported .
  the method of solution developed in this report is of very
general application, and can be used to investigate the
stability of rectangular panels when the loading is any combination
of shear and compression or tension, and the edges
are clamped or simply supported, and not necessarily all clamped
or all simply supported .  by an easy extension the
method of solution can also be used to find the periods of transverse
vibration of rectangular panels for the same types
of loading and edge fixing .
.I 1388
.T
a process for the step-by-step integration of differential
equations in an automatic digital computing machine .
.A
gills,s.
.B
proc. cam. phil. soc. 47, 1951, 96.
.W
a process for the step-by-step integration of differential
equations in an automatic digital computing machine .
  it is advantageous in automatic
computers to employ methods of integration
which do not require preceding function values
to be known .  from a general theory given by
kutta, one such process is chosen giving
fourth-order accuracy and requiring the minimum
number of storage registers .  it is developed into
a form which gives the highest attainable
accuracy and can be carried out by comparatively
few instructions .  the errors are studied and
a simple example is given .
.I 1389
.T
numerical construction of detached shock waves .
.A
garabedian,p.r.
.B
j.math.phys. 36, 1957, 192.
.W
numerical construction of detached shock waves .
  this article proposes a new method for solving the problem
of the detached shock wave .  if the shock wave is assumed
known, a cauchy problem for a system of partial differential
equations arises .  this has been solved by several authors
in the region where the system is elliptic (near the peak of
the shock wave) .  considering the plane stationary case, the
author seeks an analytic continuation of the propagation
function (x,y) in the complex plane y = y1 + y2, x real .
in the plane (x, y2) the propagation function satisfies a
hyperbolic equation (near the peak of the shock wave) .  a
new cauchy problem is solved and the solution of the original
problem obtained by analytic continuation .  a numerical
example is treated with many details .
.I 1390
.T
on the numerical calculation of detached bow shock
waves in hypersonic flow .
.A
garabedian,p.r. and liebersten,h.m.
.B
j. ae. scs. 25, 1958, 109.
.W
on the numerical calculation of detached bow shock
waves in hypersonic flow .
  a method is described for calculating examples of hypersonic
flow with a detached bow shock wave past a bluff axially
symmetric body .  the form of the shock wave is assumed, and the
analysis is based on a cauchy problem for the stream function
in the subsonic region, where the motion is governed by a
partial differential equation of elliptic type .  through analytic
continuation into the complex domain, the cauchy problem is
reformulated in such a manner that it becomes properly set in the
subsonic region .  this leads to a stable scheme for computation
of the flow by finite differences .  numerical examples at
freestream mach number 5.8 are presented in which the flow is
determined throughout the subsonic region, and, in particular, the
detachment distance, the location of the sonic line, and the
pressure distribution along the body are calculated .  these results are
in excellent agreement with experimental data obtained at the
california institute of technology .
.I 1391
.T
shock wave and flow field development in hypersonic re-entry .
.A
probstein, r.f.
.B
ars. j. 31, 185-194, 1961 .
.W
shock wave and flow field development in hypersonic re-entry .
a study is made of when and how a shock wave and continuum-type flow
field develop in the nose region of a highly cooled blunt body re-
entering the atmosphere at hypersonic speed and in a free molecular flow
regime . the various types of flow regimes encountered down to low
altitude conditions are delineated, and the nature of the flow field and
behavior of some of the aerodynamic characteristics are discussed . it
is shown that for a highly cooled body, free molecule flow conditions
occur at a higher altitude than previously indicated . based on
available evidence, it is suggested that kinetic theory solutions, which are
essentially modified free molecule results, along with the navier-stokes
 equations with no surface slip, serve to define all of the flow regimes
 except for a narrow transitional layer regime which has a height of
less than one factor of 10 in free stream density change . it is also
suggested that the appearance of a definable shock wave occurs very
rapidly in terms of density change near the beginning of the
transitional layer regime, and that its location, as in continuum flow, is
governed principally by the body geometry, whereas its thickness is
determined by a local mean free path .
.I 1392
.T
the solution of small displacement, stability or vibration
problems concerning a flat rectangular panel when the
edges are either clamped or simply supported .
.A
hopkins,h.g.
.B
arc r + m.2234, 1945.
.W
the solution of small displacement, stability or vibration
problems concerning a flat rectangular panel when the
edges are either clamped or simply supported .
  this report describes an energy method for
the exact solution of problems concerning the small
displacements, stability or vibration of a flat rectangular panel
when the edges are either clamped or simply supported .
the influence of stiffeners which are parallel to one pair of edges,
and situated in pairs on opposite sides of the panel
so that the neutral axis of each stiffener pair lies in the middle
surface of the panel, is taken into account .  the method
is not only applicable to isotropic panels but also to aeolotropic
panels when the material of the panel has two directions
of elastic symmetry parallel to the edges .
  the final solution of the problems depends on an infinite set of
linear equations for small displacement problems or on
an infinite determinantal equation for stability and vibration
problems .  the important feature of the analysis given is
that it enables a direct approach to be made to these equations
in any particular problem .  it is not in general possible
to obtain a direct solution of the final equations and it is
necessary to approximate and consider a finite set of linear
equations or a finite determinantal equation derived from the
more important terms in the analytical expression for the
transverse displacement of the panel .  here, physical intuition
and, if available, experimental data serve as a guide and
the accuracy of the final results so obtained is gauged by the
rate of convergence with the increase in the number of
terms considered .
  the general method of solution is applied first to the free
vibration of a square panel when all the edges are clamped,
and second to the buckling of a square panel under shear when
three edges are clamped and one edge is simply supported .
.I 1393
.T
heat transfer near the forward stagnation point of
a body of revolution .
.A
sibulkin,m.j.
.B
j. ae. scs. 19, 1952, 570.
.W
heat transfer near the forward stagnation point of
a body of revolution .
in order to determine the temperature distribution over a
body moving through the atmosphere, a knowledge of the
local heat-transfer coefficients is required .  for slender
sharp-nosed bodies, the heat-transfer coefficients are frequently
approximated by using the comparable flat-plate values .
however, for blunt-nosed bodies, flat-plate solutions are not
applicable near the forward stagnation point .  since the greatest rate
of heat transfer may occur at the forward stagnation point, its
value should be investigated .  in this note a theoretical solution
is given for the heat transfer near the forward stagnation point of
a body of revolution assuming laminar, incompressible, low-speed
flow .  the comparable solution for two-dimensional flow has
been given by squire .  in the case of a blunt-nosed body moving
with supersonic velocity, the flow behind the central portion of
the bow wave is subsonic, and it is possible that a low-speed
solution, using as /free-stream/ conditions those behind the center
of the bow wave, will apply near the stagnation point .
.I 1394
.T
stagnation point heat transfer measurements in hypersonic
low density flow .
.A
neice,s.e., rutkowski,r.w. and chann,k.k.
.B
j. ae. scs.27, 1960, 387.
.W
stagnation point heat transfer measurements in hypersonic
low density flow .
in hypersonic, low reynolds number flow around a blunt body,
the boundary-layer thickness approaches the shock-layer
thickness (shock standoff distance) within the region of
continuum flow .  in this instance, the customary boundary-layer
approximations no longer apply .  hoshizaki and probstein
have obtained solutions to the incompressible navier-stokes
equations in the stagnation region of a blunt body in this
hypersonic low reynolds number flow .  the results indicate that
heat-transfer rates are substantially higher than those predicted by
incompressible boundary-layer theory .  probstein indicated that
the actual heat-transfer rates would be correspondingly higher
than the predictions of fay and riddell .  these findings are of
particular importance in the atmospheric entry phase of
recoverable satellites .
.I 1395
.T
low density stagnation point heat transfer measurements
in the hypersonic shock tunnel .
.A
wilson,m.r. and wittliff,c.e.
.B
ars jnl. 32, 1962, 275.
.W
low density stagnation point heat transfer measurements
in the hypersonic shock tunnel .
  presents absolute heat-transfer measurements, using resistance
thermometer, for hemisphere-cylinder at mach numbers 9.2 to 11.2 .
results show vorticity-interaction and viscous-layer effects
increase heat transfer above values predicted by boundary-layer
theory .  data are correlated using cheng's reynolds-number-
dependent parameter .  investigation covers vorticity-interaction to
incipient-merged-layer regimes (free-stream unit reynolds numbers
.I 1396
.T
shear buckling of clamped and simply-supported infinitely
long plates reinforced by transverse stiffeners .
.A
cook,i.t. and rockey,k.c.
.B
aero. quart. 13, 1962, 41.
.W
shear buckling of clamped and simply-supported infinitely
long plates reinforced by transverse stiffeners .
  the paper presents a solution to the buckling of infinitely long
plates clamped along the edges, together with an extension of the
solution obtained by stein and fralich for the case when the edges are
simply-supported .  it is shown that, as a consequence of increasing the
edge support from that of a simple support to one in which both
deflection and rotation are prevented, the rigidity which an
intermediate transverse stiffener must possess in order to support the
plate effectively is much reduced .  agreement between the theoretical
relationships and existing experimental data is good .
.I 1397
.T
critical shear stress of an infinitely long simply
supported plate with transverse stiffeners .
.A
stein,m. and fralich,r.w.
.B
naca tn.1851, 1949.
.W
critical shear stress of an infinitely long simply
supported plate with transverse stiffeners .
  a theoretical solution is given for the critical shear stress of
an infinitely long, simply supported, flat plate with identical, equally
spaced, transverse stiffeners of zero torsional stiffness .  results are
obtained by means of the lagrangian multiplier method and are presented
in the form of design charts .  experimental results are included and
are found to be in good agreement with the theoretical results .
.I 1398
.T
stability of rectangular plates under shear and bending
forces .
.A
way,s.
.B
j. app. mech. 3, 1936, a131.
.W
stability of rectangular plates under shear and bending
forces .
  the author first discusses the problem of a plane, simply
supported rectangular plate loaded by shearing forces in
the plane of the plate on all four edges .  there are two
stiffeners attached one third and two thirds of the way
along the plate .  the critical load is calculated for various
stiffener rigidities .  also, the rigidity necessary to keep
the stiffeners straight when the plate buckles is found .
this stiffener rigidity is found to be slightly larger than
that necessary for a plate with one stiffener and the same
panel dimensions as the plate with two stiffeners .
  the second problem discussed by the author is that of a
plane, simply supported rectangular plate loaded by
uniformly distributed edge shearing forces in the plane of the
plate and linearly distributed tension and compression in
the plane of the plate at the ends .  the end forces vary
from tension, at one corner to, at the other corner,
so that their resultant is a bending moment .  the
presence of the edge shearing forces is found to diminish the
critical bending stress in this case .  calculations are made
for various magnitudes of bending and shearing forces for
plates of various proportions .
.I 1399
.T
buckling of transverse stiffened plates under shear .
.A
wang,t.k.
.B
j.app.mech. 3,1947, a269.
.W
buckling of transverse stiffened plates under shear .
  this paper presents an analysis of buckling of simply
supported rectangular plates reinforced by any number of
transverse stiffeners and subjected to shearing forces
uniformly distributed along the edges .  two cases are
considered ..  (a) the case of a plate with a finite length,.
ing stresses in both cases are expressed in similar forms,
that is, in equation (13), and
k in equation (24), respectively .  design
curves are drawn as shown in figs. 2,3, and 5 .
.I 1400
.T
the buckling shear stress of simply-supported infinitely
long plates with transverse stiffeners .
.A
kleeman,p.w.
.B
arc r + m.2971, 1953.
.W
the buckling shear stress of simply-supported infinitely
long plates with transverse stiffeners .
  this report is an extension of previous theoretical
investigations of the elastic buckling in shear of flat
plates reinforced by transverse stiffeners . the plates are treated
as infinitely long and simply-supported along the long
sides . stiffeners are spaced at regular intervals, dividing the plate
into a number of panels of uniform size . the effect
ob bending and torsional stiffnesses of the stiffener upon the buckling
shear stress is calculated for the complete range
of stiffnesses, for panels with ratios of width to stiffener spacing of
graphical forms .
